wNyro Restricted Software License
Copyright (c) 2025 wNyro

All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free
of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and
associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to use the Software
without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to
use the Software for personal or
commercial purposes, subject to the
following conditions:

1. **No Modifications**: The
Software may not be modified,
altered, adapted, or reverse
engineered in any manner. Any
attempt to modify the source code
or any part of the Software is
strictly prohibited and constitutes
a violation of this license.

2. **No Redistribution or
Republishing**: The Software may
not be redistributed, republished,
uploaded, or shared on any
platform, including but not limited
to GitHub, GitLab, or any other
repository, whether as a custom
repository or otherwise, without
explicit written permission from
the copyright holder (wNyro). This
includes, but is not limited to,
modifying documentation (e.g.,
README files) and presenting the
Software as a derivative or custom
work.

3. **Attribution**: Any use of the
Software must include proper
attribution to the copyright holder
(wNyro) in all copies or
substantial portions of the
Software.

4. **DMCA Enforcement**:
Unauthorized modification,
redistribution, or republishing of
the Software, including presenting
it as one's own work, is considered
a violation of this license and may
be subject to legal action under
the Digital Millennium Copyright
Act (DMCA) or other applicable
copyright laws.

5. **No Warranty**: The Software is
provided "as is", without warranty
of any kind, express or implied,
including but not limited to the
warranties of merchantability,
fitness for a particular purpose,
and noninfringement. In no event
shall the copyright holder be
liable for any claim, damages, or
other liability arising from the
use of the Software.

Any violation of these terms,
including unauthorized modification
or redistribution, is strictly
prohibited and may result in legal
consequences, including but not
limited to DMCA takedown notices
and other remedies available under
copyright law.

This license is governed by the
laws of the jurisdiction in which
the copyright holder resides, and
any disputes arising under this
license shall be resolved in
accordance with those laws.

For inquiries regarding permissions
beyond the scope of this license,
contact wNyro.
